Feat/v1.9.0 (#160)
valory-xyz/open-aea: HISTORY.md

# Release History - open AEA

## 1.9.0 (2022-05-25)

AEA:
- Introduces `check-packages` command to check package integrity
- Introduces a new component type `service`
- Makes dialogues accessible via their respective handlers
- Fixes default remote registry setting bug
- Introduces `push-all` command to publish all available packages to a specific registry
- Updates `aea hash all` command to extend public ids when hashing

Docs:
- Adds docs on IPFS registry usage

Chores:

> - Updates `check_package_versions_in_docs.py` to use new PublicId format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates `check_package_versions_in_docs.py` to use new public id format
```
or in "`"
